RN 40267 + 40257 (#3645)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Advanced_Functionality/Failover/Viewing_Failover_information/Viewing_the_current_Failover_DMA_status.md

    “Failing” means that the database server is probably not running or that there is a configuration issue.

> - **Pcap libraries**: "Pcap not installed" or "Could not be detected"

Author: "Pcap libraries" is probably not the real name of this status parameter. Could you provide me with the actual name, @HansSolos?

Reviewer: From Npcap documentation: "Npcap is the Nmap Project's packet capture (and sending) library for Microsoft Windows".
Proposal: **Packet capture libraries**: "Pcap not installed" or "Could not be detected"

Author: ```suggestion
- **Packet capture libraries**: "Pcap not installed" or "Could not be detected"
```

>   - "Pcap not installed" means that neither Npcap nor WinPcap is installed on the DMA. In this case, we do not recommend using this Agent in a Failover setup with virtual IP addresses.
> 
>   - "Could not be detected" means there is a problem detecting the presence of the Npcap and WinPcap libraries.
> 
>   - If no message is displayed, this indicates that either Npcap (recommended) or WinPcap (deprecated) is installed on the DMA. In this case, the Agent is suitable for a Failover setup with virtual IP addresses.

Reviewer 2: @HansSolos, to my knowledge, the status info here applies to both DMAs, so should we adjust this like this? 
```suggestion
  - "Pcap not installed" means that neither Npcap nor WinPcap is installed on the DMAs. In this case, we do not recommend using these Agents in a Failover setup with virtual IP addresses.

  - "Could not be detected" means there is a problem detecting the presence of the Npcap and WinPcap libraries.

  - If no message is displayed, this indicates that either Npcap (recommended) or WinPcap (deprecated) is installed on the DMAs. In this case, the Agents are suitable for a Failover setup with virtual IP addresses.
```
